[MUSIC]
Problem 1b shows another example of
a common data problem when receiving
raw data.
Here we have first name, last name,
email and employee level, all
separated by an underscore symbol.
This underscore symbol is called our
delimiter, which is the name for
the common symbol that is
separating our data fields.
Many computer programs export
their data in this way,
as they don't have the same
column setup as Excel.
One of the most frequent
extracts we see is the CDL,
which is the common delimited file,
which is a simple text extract
with all data separated by commas.
This file type can drastically shrink
file size on a database extract,
but it is impossible to
work with on it's own.
To fix this issue we're
going to highlight the data,
click into the data ribbon, and
then click the text to columns button.
This tool will allow us to change our
text strings into easy to use columns.
Since we have each field
separated by an underscore,
I will choose the delimited option and
click Next.
Frequently in scanned data
the delimination may be fixed width.
This would be when the data is
separated in visual columns,
rather than using a symbol to specify
the breaks like in this example.
This screen shows that our
delimiter is defaulted as Tab and
there are other standard options
such as a semi colon or comma.
Since the delimiter is
the underscore in this data,
I will check off Other and
type in an underscore.
The Preview function here is
extremely useful to see if your
data looks correctly separated.
I'm going to hit Next and
here we have some more options such
as formatting the data in each column or
choosing not to import.
I'd like to make sure our end result
is underneath the question, so
I'm going to edit the destination.
Once I do that, now I can click Finish.
Now we have the separated
data in a nice chart.
[MUSIC]